# 1. General Information

1.1. This Privacy Policy has been designed to inform you and notify you of the
kinds, the scope and the purpose, as well as your rights concerning your data
collected and processed by Tideways GmbH, Königswintererstraße 116, 53227 Bonn,
Germany (hereinafter referred to as „we“ or „us“).

1.2. By visiting and using our websites and services you are accepting and
consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

# 2. Collection, Processing and Use of Personally Identifiable Data

2.1. We will collect, process and use personally identifiable data beyond the
scope already permitted by law and without your required further consent only
to the extent necessary for the conclusion and execution of a contractual
relationship, performing requests or for billing purposes.

2.2. Your personal data are used for the following purposes:

- The provision of our services and within them the acceptance, processing and execution of your orders.
- Ensuring an efficient customer service and / or technical support. When you
  contact us your details will be stored in order to process the enquiry and in
  case additional questions arise.
- Technical notifications concerning our service.
- Sending newsletters or other advertising material, providing that you have given us your corresponding approval.

2.3. We pass your data on to third parties where this is necessary for
invoicing purposes (e.g. carrying out transactions or posting invoices) or for
other reasons to enable us to fulfill our contractual obligations to you.

2.4. To protect your personally identifiable data collected and processed by us
from unauthorized access and abuse, we have put a number of technical and
organizational security measures in place. These security measures are
monitored on a regular basis and updated according to technical progress as
necessary. Our staff is well informed about privacy rules and obliged to follow
them.

2.5. As provided for by applicable provisions we are entitled to disclose and
submit data for criminal prosecution and risk prevention purposes.

2.6. We delete the data after it fulfilled its purpose unless we are legally
obliged to retain the date (e.g. by trade law obigations).

# 3. Data collected by our software Tideways

3.1. By default Tideways will not transfer any personal data.

3.2. We further ensure by our Terms of Service that no personally identifiable
data is transferred to us without legal permission or consent.

3.3. The transferred data is hosted on a server in Germany.

# 4. Sending Information by Newsletter and Email

4.1. Newsletters and emails that are not service-related, are not fulfilling
our duties to perform our service and contain advertisement will only be send
to you, if you have given us your prior consent.

4.2. The content of the newsletter or email follows from its respective
description. If no description is available, the content sent comprises
information about us and our services.

4.3. If you no longer want to receive our newsletter you can opt to stop
receiving it at any time. Opt-out possibilities are included in each mail.

4.4. You also give us the consent to store your IP addresses as part of the
sign-up process. We are legally bound to record the log-on process so as to be
able to verify that logging on is done in accordance with regulations.

# 5. Service-Related Emails

5.1. We may send service-related emails to our customers or users of our
software (e.g., account verification, technical and security notices,
notifications on crawl status, inactivity notifications, account invitations to
other users, changes/updates to features of the service).

5.2. Note that you may not opt out of service-related emails.

# 6. Server Log-Files

6.1. During every visit of our websites information about IP address, referring
URL, date/time, browser version and operating system, amount and state of
transferred data is stored in the web server log files.

6.2. We use the log data without any other personal or pseudonymous profiling
as required by law only for the purpose of the operation, security and
optimization of our service

# 7. Incorporation of third party services and content

7.1. Third party content, such as videos from YouTube, map material from Google
Maps, RSS feeds and graphics from other websites, for example, can be
incorporated on the website.

7.2. This always presupposes that the provider of this content (hereafter
referred to as the “third party provider”) always uses the user’s IP address.
This is because without the IP address, they cannot send the content to the
respective user’s browser. The IP address is thus required for displaying this
content.

7.3. We endeavour only to use content of which the respective provider uses the
IP address only for distributing the content. However, we have no influence on
whether the third party provider saves the IP address for other purposes, such
as statistical purposes, for example. If we are aware of this, we will clarify
this in the following paragraphs.

# 8. Cookies

8.1.  A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a
user's web browser while a user is browsing a website. When the user browses
the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved
by the website to notify the website of the user's previous activity. We use
Cookies in order to improve the usability of our services as well as for
analyzing and personalizing purposes.

8.2. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse
cookies or selectively accept certain cookies by adjusting the preferences in
your browser. If you turn off cookies, there may some features of our site that
will not be available to you and some web pages may not display properly.

8.3. Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by
advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to
recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information
allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that
they believe will be of most interest to you.

8.4. You may opt-out from many ad-serving cookies by using the services
provided by [http://www.aboutads.info/choices/](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices) or
[http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices) for users form the
European Union.

# 9. Use of Twitter Buttons

9.1. This website uses Twitter-Buttons (e.g. "Twitter this", "Twitter", "Follow
@twitter") provided by the service Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 795
Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. When a user visits a page
of this website that contains a Twitter-Button, his browser establishes a
direct connection to Twitter servers. Twitter directly transfers the
Twitter-Button's content to user's browser which embeds the latter into the
website, enabling Twitter to receive information about the user having accessed
the respective page of this website. Thus the Service Provider have no
influence on the data gathered by Twitter and informs users according to its
state of knowledge: In accordance to Twitter, its buttons doesn't collect any
personally identifiable data on users. If you are a Twitter member and do not
want Twitter to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your
member data already stored by Twitter, please log off from Twitter and delete
all Twitter related cookies in your browser before entering our website.

9.2. For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and
procession by Twitter, as well as user's rights in this respect and settings
options for protecting user's privacy please visit Twitter's privacy policy:
[http://twitter.com/privacy](http://twitter.com/privacy).

# 10. Contact and Notices

10.1. In compliance with legal requirements we will at any time provide you
with information on your personally identifiable data stored by us, free of
charge and without undue delay.

10.2. Furthermore, you are free to revoke the approvals granted by confirming
this Privacy Policy, at any time and with future effect. If you wish to do so,
please feel free to contact us using the contact data in our imprint.

# 11. Necessary Amendments

11.1. We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy with view to
the provision of new services, if and to the extent necessary.

11.2. The same applies if the current Privacy Policy is found to contain any
gaps. Upon such amendment, we will contact our Users by email sent to the email
address provided to us.

Last Revised: 24.07.2014
